The sound of summer is coming, everywhere is
bustling with new joys, challenging volunteers to be
ready. The sound of summer is coming, hearts are filled with
joy, seeking inspiration, opening up dreams, welcoming the
summer retreat. Goodbye, farewell to all the
hardships, the retreat, the worries, the feast, the
love, the retreat, goodbye, far away. Let's come together to the retreat, raising our love, reaching out to welcome the
retreat. Look through the years, the rain, the moon
shines all night, side by side,
volunteers always give their all, striving to cultivate virtue, enlightenment, and a bright
future for Vietnam.
La la ...   lower.